{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26540\viewh15940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	"Reconciling biodiversity protection, food production, and climate change mitigation in the global Ocean"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
All layers are in Mollweide equal area projection with a resolution of 50x50km, unless otherwise specified. For in-depth description of methods please see: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-021-03371-z\
Biodiversity ranking:\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Numerical ranking of the most important places in the Ocean for global biodiversity conservation. Most important pixels are ranked higher (1) and least important pixels are ranked lower (0). Pixels ranked between 0.95-1, correspond to the most important 5% of the Ocean. Pixels ranked between 0.9-1, correspond to the most important 10% of the Ocean. The ranking of each pixel is a function of: 1) habitat suitability of species present, 2) species extinction risk, 3) functional distinctiveness, and 4) evolutionary distinctiveness. Additionally, it incorporates coastal, pelagic, bathyal and abyssal, biogeographic provinces, as well as seamounts. Lastly, the model maximizes the benefits of protection relative to a business-as-usual counterfactual. This means that existing human threats abatable by protection are a determinant of the rankings as well.\'a0\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Carbon ranking:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Numerical ranking of the most important places in the Ocean to safeguard carbon stocks in marine sediments. Most important pixels are ranked higher (1) and least important pixels are ranked lower (0). Pixels ranked between 0.95-1, correspond to the most important 5% of the Ocean. Pixels ranked between 0.9-1, correspond to the most important 10% of the Ocean. The ranking of each pixel is a function of 1) the total amount of carbon stored in the first meter of sediments, 2) the intensity of human activities that disturb such carbon (i.e, bottom trawling), 3) type of sediment, 4) and ocean basin.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Food Provision ranking:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Numerical ranking of the most important places in the Ocean to improve global fish catch. Most important pixels are ranked higher (1) and least important pixels are ranked lower (0). Pixels ranked between 0.95-1, correspond to the most important 5% of the Ocean. Pixels ranked between 0.9-1, correspond to the most important 10% of the Ocean. The ranking of each pixel is a function of a stocks 1) range, 2)\'a0\'a0status, 3) growth rate, 4) mobility, and 5) carrying capacity.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 Multi-objective equal weight:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Numerical ranking of the most important places in the Ocean to improve global fish catch, safeguard carbon stocks, and protect marine biodiversity. Each objective was given equal weight and the most important pixels are ranked higher (1) and least important pixels are ranked lower (0). Pixels ranked between 0.95-1, correspond to the most important 5% of the Ocean. Pixels ranked between 0.9-1, correspond to the most important 10% of the Ocean.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
CO2 efflux \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Global map of CO2 remineralized into the water column (Mg CO2 per km2) as a consequence of bottom trawling.  Resolution is 1km2. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Highly fully protected areas:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Marine protected areas where industrial fishing and other destructive activities are banned (artisanal/subsistence fishing may be allowed). These existing MPAs are the starting conditions for all models. Therefore, they appear \'93ranked\'94 highest (picked first) throughout the analyses and results.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
spp_weights:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Weights given to each species included in the analysis. These weights reflect the species 1) IUCN status, 2) functional distinctiveness, and 3) evolutionary distinctiveness.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
MegaData_Ray:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This file contains the stock-level parameter values used in the fisheries analysis. It includes stocks\'92s scientific name (SciName), species ID from Aquamaps (SpeciesID), stock ID when available from RAM Legacy database (stockid), Growth rate (r_fin), mobility (m_fin), maximum sustainable yield in metric tons (MSYfin), carrying capacity in metric tons (Kfin) , fishing effort relative to that which achieves maximum sustainable yield (FvFmsy_Ray) , escapement (Efin_BAU1_Ray), and exploitation rate (ExploitationRate_BAU1_Ray).  The field \'93Manage\'94  identifies stocks that are in RAM database (1) and those that aren\'92t (0).\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 Biodiversity ranking 2050:\
\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Numerical ranking of the most important places in the Ocean for global biodiversity conservation in 2050. This map is produced using future species distributions, and seamounts, but excluding biogeography and human impacts as the future distribution of the latter two is highly uncertain. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Abatable impacts:\
\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fraction of a pixels habitat suitability that would be lost in the absence of protection due to human impacts that could have been avoided with MPAs (i.e., fishing and habitat destruction).\
\
Un-abatable impacts:\
\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fraction of a pixels habitat suitability that would be lost due to impacts that are not abatable by MPAs (e.g., pollution, acidification).\
\
Bottom trawling Ia:\
\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	} Fraction of the carbon stored in the first meter of sediment that is remineralized due to bottom trawling\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
		}